In this assignment, you will be following the instructions in p1.py and p2.cpp.
We strongly recommend using Emacs for editing the files as it is among the best
editors for working with programs.  

(gedit and vim are  other editors that will work, but then pay more attention
to indentation and syntax).

Submit your solutions on ctools under Assignments. Remember to backup your files as instructed in README.txt in the parent folder.

Here is what you need to do:

Python program: 4 points
------------------------

1.  Look at p1_sample.py. Run it. as follows:
% python p1_sample.py

Understand what it does and how it works.

(No submission required for this step)

2. Create a program p1.py that does the following:

Write statements that do the following steps:

a. Give a prompt: "Please enter your last name: "
b. Read in the lastname
c. Give a prompt: "Please enter your first name: "
d. Read in the firstname
e. Present an output as follows:
f. "Your full name is <firstname> <lastname>"


Add in a comment near the top of the program that states your name, e.g.,
# My Name: Atul Prakash

Also, modify the existing comment so that it accurately reflects
what the program does. 

Take a screenshot of the working program and save it in the current folder.
You can take a screenshot from within Mint by doing Menu -> Accessories -> Take Screenshot. When it asks for the filename, give it the name p1.png. For
folder, instead of desktop, you can save it to me->Homeworks->HW1.

Task 2: Do a backup of your work to ITD: 2 points
--------------------------------------------------

Follow the instructions in Homeworks/README.txt. Take a screenshot of
the result from dobackup.sh script to demonstrate that you did a
successful backup. Save the screenshot to backup.png in HW1 folder.

C++ program (4 points):
-----------------------

1. Look at p1_sample.cpp. Compile and run it as follows:

% g++ -g -Wall p1_sample.cpp -o p1
% p1

This pretty much does the same thing as the Python program.

2. Create a C++ program p1_sample.cpp that does the same thing as p1.py.
Follow p1_sample.cpp for the structure. p1_sample.cpp shows you how
to read something from the user and print it out. 

Add in a comment in the program that states your name, e.g.,
// My Name: Atul Prakash

Also, modify the comment above main() so that it reflects what
the program does.

What to submit:

You will be submitting a single zip file called HW1.zip of HW1 folder
containing at least the following:

a. p1.py
b. p2.cpp
c. screenshots showing an interaction with p1.py and p2.cpp (p1).   

To zip the folder HW1, do as follows from the Homeworks directory:

% zip -r HW1.zip HW1

You can then upload the file using the browser to Ctools.

Also immediately backup your final solution to ITD storage using the
dobackup.sh script in the Homeworks folder. This can serve to document
the timestamp when you completed the work, in case something goes wrong
with Ctools submission.






